This is a headgum original.
That's it.
The whole episode.
What a fucking good episode.
It's a mood killer.
Just right off the bat.
Right off the bat.
I don't like the energy that everybody's brought already.
You guys are danced.
We fucking danced for you.
This way.
You smell the dance.
You do dance.
I love a good noodle dance.
Like a crung bin concert.
Were you just kind of noodle left to right?
Yeah.
That's what everybody does a dead and company.
You want to two of those, right?
Yeah.
Two grateful dead shows.
On to Rush?
Yeah.
Mike, it came up with that sound best.
Before the live show.
And I forgot to use it.
Got it.
How do you think the live show went?
Me, Jeff.
Yeah.
I just a little post-mortem on.
I think we ever discussed it.
It's hard because like everybody seemed to like it.
Which is good.
But I felt like everyone sort of stole my thunder.
Yeah.
There were a couple like tech hiccups.
I wonder if those were built into the show.
Because I one point you blamed having to switch computers.
That was really, I don't know if you heard.
But there was, we played Jeff Hardy during a live show.
And I think during the final Jeff Hardy, Jeff's like,
Oh, actually the, the final thing is on my other computer.
So we just scrapped that four minute bit during a live show.
It was like the, it was the family.
It was the family.
Yeah.
You also didn't know.
You had no idea what any of the category said, right?
So you couldn't actually like bear it.
Like we would guess.
And you didn't know if it was right or wrong.
And you just had to say you had to click and reveal.
I feel like like all comedians learn,
especially sketch and all comedians less is more over time.
Yeah.
And like less props, less music cues, less video cues.
Jeff right now is firmly in the more is more now.
He's the more sound boards.
Yeah.
I, so the, okay.
So the family rude thing of not knowing what was on the survey.
That was on me.
Yeah.
And that's something I learned of like, I need to have cards or something to know what
the categories are.
So I can say survey says and then no.
Yeah.
The final round of family rude was messed up because I came to the venue for tech
completely prepared my entire laptop was set up.
All I needed to do was plug in the HDMI to the venue set up.
And then we did it and it kept connecting for like two minutes.
And then it would cut out as soon as we had it all set up.
So we tried that like four times with different dongles and it just wasn't working.
So we brought Marieka's burner laptop.
And because that had the HDMI input direct and that worked.
So I had to, I had to air drop everything to her.
And I forgot to air drop the list of family rude questions.
Various.
You can edit all of that out.
Yeah.
This is too inside baseball.
So what did we miss?
What did we?
Yeah, what it was not on the new laptop.
Let me find it.
Oh, I'm here to ask questions.
You just don't have it.
Yeah.
Deeper into.
I'm just curious because yeah, during the live show he's like,
Oh, never mind.
I don't have this thing.
And like, you know,
Well, Jeff's thinking for us.
Jake and I'm here.
How would you describe Jeff's mood post show?
Did he feel celebratory?
Or did he feel like you did?
Yeah.
He rushed it.
He knocked it out of the park.
We didn't even, I'm like,
I'm going to have to build up this kid's confidence because like that didn't go well.
But he was already writing so high that I felt like I had to knock him down a peg or two.
Got it.
I mean, it went really well.
Yeah, you feel good about it.
Yeah, but you shouldn't think that.
Like, you should be focusing on the bad shit and be like,
Oh, I don't know.
I'm worried about like, I forgot the family dual thing.
But instead he's like, that was awesome.
And it didn't matter that I forgot.
So then I have to be like, I kind of did.
Usually, usually like, Jeff is the bad guy on this podcast,
but I actually think you're being kind of a piece of shit right now.
Holy shit.
This is actually, this is what Jeff's been saying to me.
This is my breaking bad moment.
Uh, it's bad.
I'm back to hating Jeff.
Yeah, yeah.
For sure.
It's incredible.
You give him one compliment and he's like,
I will ruin it now.
This is, yeah.
This is my moment.
I have to assign a sound effect to that.
I just want to announce and then we can continue this kind of like natural
conversation, but we are waxing now.
We're in the waxing portion.
Great.
And we were, yeah.
Jeff, you played a sound bite from on to rush.
How would you cast the four of us in the role of on to rush?
That's awesome.
I think Jake would be Vinnie Chase.
I think really hoping you would say that.
You would be, um,
I would be Johnny drama and a mirror would be.
Which do you mean to you?
No, it's Johnny.
No, there's, we don't have a turtle amongst us.
We just don't.
And you can't, like, at a certain point,
if you cast before you write,
not effects the script.
I don't feel like Billy is an E.
Like, I,
maybe Billy's closer to a turtle,
just a friendly, positive,
fun-loving guy.
Nick's a little bit.
Yeah.
I think, you know,
what about drama,
because he's, uh,
he eats and makes a lot of food.
And he's worried about people being fed.
A provider.
Yeah.
That's why I'd be him.
Not really.
You're more of a turtle to be honest.
You're a little bit of an E.
What's that?
I think you're more of a turtle of the character.
I think Jeff is already, he's already old.
He's just like,
like, seemingly in power,
but not really in power.
Victor.
Jeff is so sick.
Jeff is Lloyd, I think.
He's sort of like,
the little psychic to Ari.
Yeah.
Absolutely not.
Lower the man.
What?
What was that?
What the fuck is that?
Of all the sounds and words in the world.
I've heard it.
I have no idea what I'm not going to figure it out.
Nice.
How did you guys think the headgum podcast live show went,
but also the entire weekend?
Uh, I mean,
I mean,
what's that?
Start with Billy.
Yeah.
So I'm still images about 10 people on stage,
really close found out there were technical difficulties
and Jeff had a great time.
So no surprises.
I'm looking forward to the next one.
Oh, yeah.
If we can give the post-mortem notes,
having nine people on stage with like four or five microphones.
Yeah.
My dad wasn't mad at me.
My plan was to have six Macs.
Yeah.
And that's.
But then I was like,
everybody was having it.
I was like,
Hmm.
By once,
still more people than Mike's at six.
Yeah.
More than the Mike's by one.
We had five microphones.
Yeah.
Up.
Listen.
I'm not.
The energy around the green room was infectious.
And it was quiet.
There was no music.
Really going on.
It was absolutely bumpy bumping.
You had a bad reason.
It sounds like you.
I had a show.
Boss.
That's no music.
It was quiet.
It was the best week in my life.
Yeah.
I had a great time.
Really.
I think there is one question that people do have that weren't at the festival.
Yeah.
Jake, you posted a series of photos that were
clearly captivated people.
The series of photos featured a wet spot on on your
streams.
Yeah.
Two questions.
Were you intentionally posting that picture to drum up a conversation?
You didn't mention the wet spot in your post.
Oh, did you?
Were you trying to make us talk about it?
I know.
So my idea for the bit was.
Yeah.
It was just like all takes like a series of photos as I'm getting like closer and closer to you.
Wow.
So like I have one that's further away than like a little closer than a little closer.
And I think like the last one was like a video of me getting really up in
his face.
Okay.
But then I got like 20.
I don't get that many DMs.
But I got like 20 DMs.
They were slimmed to your DMs.
Yeah.
People split into the DMs about the wet spot.
They split into the DMs about the fit of the teams.
Yeah.
People talk about slim.
I mean, people were saying your socks were ugly.
So then I can't keep up.
I can't keep up with the fashion friends.
Then I haven't spent two years and I already feel out of date.
I've never gotten so much.
Keep going down in the DMs.
Yeah.
And then when I posted screenshots of the DMs that I was getting.
People really went off.
Yeah.
That's one of what gets sort of open.
It's never wanted to be on the story.
Yeah.
So I guess behind the music.
I'm here.
What was the wet spot from?
We all need to know.
Was it so great question?
It was such a specific.
It was like a quarter sized spot on your upper thigh.
Yeah.
And it didn't bleed out anywhere.
It was just one circle of wetness.
It was something.
Would you say the wetness was just so.
No.
I would say it was.
I thought it was coffee.
But then we're all.
We're waxing.
Could you stay out of our way?
No.
I'm facilitating joy.
Yeah.
Although coffee would have been like I kept wetting the spot.
You know, you do the old wet the spot.
Watch it.
Yeah.
I hopefully have spot dries with the wetness.
The spot stayed.
Yeah.
So it had to have been spoiled.
Ren oil based style stain.
Yes.
Exactly.
I wonder if it was some kind of dejan.
A mustard nose.
No.
It could have looked like a mustard.
Yeah.
What did you have for Princess that day?
It was it was a coffee.
And I want to say like a.
A scum.
It looked like fresh wetness.
That wasn't.
I got to be a stain, correct?
Yeah.
It was fresh wetness.
It was from that day.
Yeah.
But it wasn't wet at that moment.
Like it wasn't like people talked about.
I think it was set.
It wasn't wet.
It was set.
It wasn't piss.
Because it.
Yeah.
It was part of the pants.
It wasn't piss.
It was kissed.
I think a scot is actually.
I think a scot is a good guess because I think they're good.
It's gone as well.
It's real dry.
That's kind of you.
Dry cream.
That's why you use the clotted cream.
And that's why I'd get some of the jeans.
Clotted jeans.
Did you have sous vide by its from Starbucks?
Those are a little grease to them.
Yeah.
Because that's an oily drop.
But I didn't have it that day.
I really cannot for the life.
It was from blue bottle.
I think it was from blue bottle.
So I don't remember exactly what I would eat.
That would cause that.
I want to say it was coughing.
Because you know these lids that like they put the lid on top of the plastic.
You have a master in that lid.
They haven't.
The cop is a symbol.
Yeah.
They got these days on the lip.
They got rid of straws too fast.
I won't forget in rid of straws.
We have a solution.
But it doesn't exist yet.
Okay.
It's not paper straws.
Don't go green without thinking through.
Yeah.
That's right.
Wait.
Let's see what you got cold brew right now.
Jeff.
Are you?
It seems like a very courteous enthusiasm thing.
We're Larry just like keep spilling because of the lid.
The lid holds the liquid.
Yeah.
And it's the lid holding the liquid there.
Are you getting any splash back on the.
Yeah.
Are you getting a splash back on the other side?
100%.
It gets all over your face.
It's not good to drink.
I don't think it's good aesthetic either.
There's something weird to me about being an adult with a sippy cup.
It's just not.
I need a bigger hole.
I'm trained on the full rim.
And I was just postage stamp sized.
It's just changing everything.
It's not cool.
It's not cool to drink coffee like that.
But like we're going to need a day to get nice.
That's actually you need a smaller sort of tighter lid.
But like I was saying back in the day like gas station coffee.
Like Billy you like hot black coffee.
That's like the cool way to drink coffee.
Hot black.
It's cool to be like, I like it shitty.
Like yeah, the shit like out of a friend.
Whatever those things like your bodega dollar coffee.
You know that blue cup.
Did they put the lid on it or is it like straight up open?
I mean, if you go to a fancy bodega, you might get a lid.
But more often than not.
I think it's just carry it and wish wish you the best.
A hot.
I remember those New York days where it was like you would like like line the edge of your cup
with like six napkins.
And then those napkins would just be doused in coffee as you're walking down the sidewalk.
It's like you just show up to meeting stained in coffee.
The best thing in the world.
Jack.
React.
Oh.
Like you zoned out.
We're talking about coffee man.
Your house is just.
It's because I do the assembly cuts on these.
And so I just kind of like I'm clocking as we do them.
What I'm going to cut out.
What I'm not.
And so that was all.
I think it's all interesting.
So I'm like, I don't if I why interact if I know that that's not going to end up in the final cut.
Up.
We could.
Yeah.
It gets everywhere.
You fucking killed the wax.
Yeah.
That's fine.
What what.
What was your guys's favorite moment from the weekend?
Let's say.
My favorite.
I don't like to.
I can't say it on the show.
I know.
I was thinking the exact same.
At the Irish bar.
Yeah.
No.
I want to finish out the weekend.
And then we'll go to the beach sleep.
That didn't be just a week.
That was a different.
I think that was a different weekend of the.
The headgun podcast.
Oh, sorry.
Okay.
Yeah.
So me and we have the same.
Favorite moment shared in the Irish bar post show second night.
Yeah.
That was my favorite moment of the weekend.
The low point was after that when we went to Brooklyn.
Yeah.
And then when I was in the back as we're gone.
Everything value.
His laptop.
You lost all this?
No.
I got it back.
Okay.
Yeah.
But I had to go back to Manhattan to get it.
And that's the worst feeling.
Your stomach just absolutely drops.
We had that thing happen.
You know, like in New York.
Billy, you get this.
It's like the the very end of the night.
But you're like, let's go to one last bar.
We're all back to Brooklyn.
One last bar.
So I'm looking forward to at least like having one more hour with my guys.
Yep.
We get there.
Me, Mike.
Johnny Jeff.
Sweet.
We go.
We go into the bar.
And then Jeff is just standing a line.
He forgot his backpack at the venue.
Jeff.
Everything.
Just spin around.
They, they leave.
Johnny goes home.
Jeff goes back to Manhattan to get his backpack.
Why did Johnny?
Johnny's like, if Jeff's not here, I'm out.
I think it just felt like energy.
Yeah.
It was like three, 15 bars close at four.
I think it was also like, I'm going.
I was getting a lift back to Manhattan.
So I was like, I'll drop you off on the way there.
Oh, yeah.
Johnny lives in Manhattan.
So it was just like, yeah.
Yeah.
But the, like I've ever moment that I can, that we can talk about was probably.
Probably like right when the show started and you guys were coming out.
And people were like going crazy.
Yeah.
That's, that's, that's up there.
And mine is when the show's over.
Right.
I love, I love the post the post show feeling.
Because I get worked up.
I get nervous before the show.
When I'm on stage, it's all blur.
Yeah.
It's the afterglow.
That's what I do before.
And after the afterglow.
It's the after afterglow.
Mm-hmm.
And then the hotel lobby.
It's correct.
Um.
Yeah.
I slept on the beach, Billy.
Why?
I was out with my one.
Because that was my comment on your Instagram.
No.
I've been running on adrenaline the last three weeks and just making every saying yes to everything.
Which is so much fun.
But I also didn't sleep on the beach.
We ended up just not sleeping.
And so I'm like fucking exhausted.
Because every, I was in New York for two weeks, almost.
And I don't think I slept more than five hours on any given night.
I got one hour of sleep last week full, which made me feel more tired.
Because once you stop running on adrenaline, you crash.
And then.
Wait.
What do you mean you got one hour of sleep last week?
Or one week?
Yeah.
Come on.
That was a nice rest last week, I should say.
So like one night last week, you got eight hours in the rest.
You were just like cutting yourself off too early.
Yeah.
And then Halloween didn't sleep a wink.
And then last night slept six hours.
So I'm fucking exhausted, guys.
We think you're going to like fall sleep tonight at like nine p.m.
And wake up at like noon the next day.
Like is that how you got it?
No.
Now I'm climbing at nine p.m.
What?
Where?
Why?
Yeah.
Nice.
Because that's the only time George can do it.
And I haven't seen it in a couple of weeks.
Actually, why?
So I'm in Brooklyn.
A couple weeks.
He's your roommate.
But he was in New Orleans.
And I was in Kansas City.
And then finally we're back.
And then you're going to get COVID again.
I actually probably will.
You're trending towards COVID too.
You're going to be my first double breakthrough friend.
Yeah.
You're flirting.
You're flirting with COVID, more than you're flirting with.
I don't know.
Someone else in your life.
Yeah.
Whoever you slept on the beach with or didn't sleep on the beach with.
Even more.
Nice.
All right.
We got to take a break.
We will be right back.
We're up.
Okay.
Today's episode of Sponsored by Honey.
Guys, we all shop online.
And we've all seen that promo code field.
Tonk to sit check out borderline bullies.
But thanks to honey, manually searching for coupon codes is a thing in the past.
Honey is the free browser extension that scour is the internet looking for promo
codes and applies the best ones it can find to your cart.
Honey sports over 30,000 stores online sites that range from tech and gaming products to popular fashion brands, even food delivery apps.
Nope.
Imagine you're shopping on one of your favorite sites.
Right.
When you check out the honey button drops down and all you have to do is click apply coupons.
Wait a few seconds.
Honey searches for coupons.
It can find for that site.
And if it finds a working coupon, you'll watch the prices much like my ass drop.
Honey's saved me money on a phone case.
And five dollars off of twenty five dollar pair of jeans that I'm wearing as we speak.
So if you don't get honey, you're straight up missing out on free savings.
Honey has found it's over 17 million members over two billion dollars in savings.
Meaning if you don't have it, which is free to download your hemorrhaging money that you don't need to be.
So literally get it.
It's free and installs in a couple seconds.
And by getting it, you'll be doing yourself a solid and supporting the headgum podcast.
Get honey for free at joinhoney.com slash what's that?
Again, that's joinhoney.com slash what's that?
Thanks, honey.
Guys, the holidays are coming up.
Right.
And you definitely have family members who are either audio files or you don't quite know what to get them.
And that's where Raycon comes in.
All right.
It's never too early to get start gift shopping for the holidays, especially because today you can
save big on a gift they'll use every day.
And those are the Raycon wireless earbuds.
Raycon sent me two pairs of earbuds.
And I got to say they are absolutely a joy to use.
I use them while I climb.
I use them while I go for a little bike rides.
They really fit inside your ear because they come with multiple little gummies to fit to your
ear specifically.
And they sound amazing.
And they also have seamless Bluetooth pairing and a comfortable noise isolating fit.
So you can start listening right away and keep listening for hours.
The audio quality is absolutely comparable to any other earbuds I've ever used.
And compared to the prices of other brands, Raycon starts at half the price.
The new everyday earbuds come with three new sound profiles to make sure that everything you're
listening to sounds it's best with just the right amount of bass.
All right.
There's pure mode for podcast listening, blues, instrumentals.
I mostly use that balanced mode for different podcasts depending on the voice's host.
Rock, heavy metal, et cetera, and there's bass mode for hip hop, EDM, reggae, et cetera.
Raycon offers eight hours of playtime with a 32 hour battery life.
And there's also a built-in mic so you can take calls on your earbuds at the press of a button.
I take my therapy calls with Raycon.
So this holiday season get them something they can use for calls or work or play or music or anything
on the go and pick up a pair of Raycon's.
Trust me, you or they are going to use them every day.
So go to buyraycon.com slash what's that today to unlock exclusive deals of up to 20% off your
Raycon order, but hurry because this offers only available for a limited time and you don't
want to miss it.
That's buyraycon.com slash what's that to unlock up to 20% off your Raycons.
Again, one more time by Raycon dot com slash what's that?
Thanks Raycon.
And we're back.
Let's get straight into the most fan favorite of all segments recently.
Bond of the absolute week.
I can't continue being on this.
I said my bond.
No, it's every week.
You have to choose a new bond until next month.
This week, my casting choice because I think we're getting further and further away from the
has to be from the UK, the milk boys.
I followed, do I send you the milk boys?
They're an absolute shit follow.
You, if you ever follow someone who's kind of a disaster on purpose, just to see what
kind of insane things they're up to.
They're these four Canadian prankster twins that are like over Trump supporters now.
And all they do is like go to parties and party and go to colleges and like give kids
drugs and make YouTube videos and get banned on YouTube.
They're insane.
They're terrible.
But they're wildly entertaining for me.
That's a 38 year old who's just like at home doing nothing following this milk milk.
And ELK.
Yeah, it's one of the worst words I've ever heard.
Yeah.
I think that's half the reason why I'm here like.
They get like millions like they like, they drop these like we're making this live stream
and like 2.1 million fucking college kids are all following them.
And they're like, we're at this place, come party with us.
And it's like during COVID before the vaccine, like a bar or a warehouse.
They drop their own like a hard cider recently.
No, hard sell to recently.
They're wildly successful.
If I may, if I may backtrack for one quick second, we're talking about the milk boys.
Why are we talking about milk?
You said something about bond at some point.
Oh yeah.
The second is bond to the week.
So every week until the next bond is cast,
we're going to just kind of lob up an idea for casting.
So this week, I'm thinking what if the milk boys were James Bond?
Got it.
Okay.
Yeah.
That'd be terrible James Bond's.
They're all like barely pubes and pretty bad.
Yeah.
I just saw my first James Bond movie.
I'd never seen a James Bond movie before this most recent one.
What do you think?
I thought he's a great driver.
I can, he's like the best car driver I've ever seen.
Yeah.
Good at shooting.
Seems like a pretty decent guy.
And the ending surprised me to put it mildly.
Yeah.
This movie.
I think I didn't, I didn't like it.
The ending.
I think it's got it.
It's got it.
Yeah, I know.
Okay.
So I was saying.
I was saying.
Yeah.
Has anyone seen it?
I've spoiled it.
I've spoiled the ending.
Two multiple people because I didn't know.
I've spoiled it to me.
You're going to spoil it to me.
Well, I mean, I guess it's bad if people are going to walk.
Yeah.
But it's not quite long.
You can't spoil it on the podcast.
No, no.
It's not right.
It's uncouth.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed the music.
I thought the movie was pretty, pretty solid.
Yeah.
I guess it's like a, it's part of the, like, the whole mystique of James Bond.
But how do they fucking shoot him with machine gunfire constantly and never, never even, never.
Never even, never get even grazed.
Yeah.
He was like walk towards a machine gun.
And then boom.
I have a single pistol in your dead because I got shot.
What are you eating?
What is that?
That's fake.
I just eating bacon after bacon.
You just, you made bacon.
And that's it.
You're eating it on the podcast.
You can't even talk while people are talking.
This is what you guys want to fucking take it over, right?
That's what you've been doing in the entire half hours.
So be my disgusting bond.
You said bond to the week.
You haven't done your best.
Think of the week.
You're talking about a real fucking movie.
Daniel Gregg is already in that.
Who's your casting pick?
And then let's move on.
Shrek.
Yeah.
Shrek is from the UK.
That's true.
I think that'll work.
Got the accent.
Kind of fits in.
Where's the suit?
Well.
Yeah.
I'll say Henry Cavill.
That's pretty good.
What do you mean pretty good?
It's actually fucking perfect.
You could.
Yeah.
Fucking exactly.
That's right.
Wow.
Yeah.
Fucking.
Cool steam ahead.
Okay.
We gotta go to our next segment.
Jeff?
I didn't just say one.
I didn't say one.
It's fun.
We're eating.
Welcome to Meta or Feta.
Oh, God.
Did you guys see the news?
Yeah.
Facebook is changing its company name.
But not the actual like website name.
The Facebook company.
It's now Meta.
And Feta is cheese.
That's so dumb.
So who the fuck cares?
This is exactly everybody.
I guess.
Yeah.
It was a publicity thing and it worked.
And now Facebook still called Facebook with the company that owns it is called
Meta.
Great.
It's like Google is called like the ABC company.
Right.
Yeah.
So it's like.
Who cares?
Jake Mark Zuckerberg.
And you are in the same event.
Do you feel compelled to want to introduce yourself to Mark Zuckerberg?
Or you like fuck that guy?
I wouldn't feel compelled to introduce myself to him.
I wouldn't.
I wouldn't not do it because I hate him though.
I would just be if people usually when people are like excited about a famous person.
I like to tack the other way and not give a shit.
Yeah.
But not like I'm mad.
I'm not like.
Yeah.
I feel you.
You're not had strong about it.
Would you be star struck?
No.
This is not a segment of Zuckerberg.
It's fine.
I like Meta.
Right.
I would have to tackle him.
I want Billy to fucking host the show.
Billy should be the host of the show.
What?
Billy is fucking fun.
Positive.
Ask interesting questions.
Responds when you answer.
Your antagonistic bacon eating ass.
You fucking don't do jack shit.
You just introduce seconds.
Like buy to the weeks.
Yellow people to wax and then play.
Wow.
It's.
You're a fucking poison man.
Yeah.
I thought.
I mean, it's a go.
Jake was saying that I was too rude to Jack.
And it was.
I basically saw.
I just like Billy.
The name of the game is absolutely meta or Fedas.
So I'm going to do.
It's filling the blank.
And you have to say whether it's meta or Fedas.
All right.
Here we go.
This is for actual cash.
From $100 for every right answer.
$100 for every right answer.
$100 owed to me for every wrong answer.
Okay.
Blank recently caused a big shift in the tech industry.
meta.
That's not that wrong.
No, it's not meta cost.
If anything, maybe both.
But definitely meta.
Yeah.
I know what kind of game it is now.
Sometimes.
That doesn't do this.
But sometimes.
Sometimes.
Maybe.
It's sometimes.
to happen. Feta. Meta. What? Which one? It was Feta. Do you care to explain why? Or is that just-
I don't like that. I'm supposed to- okay. Right. Jeff, honest question, when you make these games,
do you actually have answers to the teach question or do you just kind of see how we answer
and then reverse engineer at the most prick answer in return? I actually have the answer,
but I'm open to change sometimes. Like, I think when we played Hammer spam, one of the
hands were spam and I still gave it to Marieka because it was sort of a birthday. That's nice.
So where does the logo- what's that? Sort of her birthday or was it actually her birthday?
I didn't say what's that at all during the show I realized when I listened back to it.
Oh, interesting. Blanks logo is blue. Meta.
I said Feta. Oh, god damn it. All right. So Jake is- that's $400. I think every single answer in
this quiz is Feta. And wrong. Because Feta's logo is not blue. No, President Feta.
President cheese is Feta is blue. And President cheese? Who's President cheese? President cheese is a company.
It's a brand of cheese. And their Feta is blue. Their logo is blue and the box that the Feta is delivered in is blue.
And I want you to be so. I want you to be seasonally depred of this winter, please.
You do me that one favor. Would you do me that one common courtesy?
All right. Blank pairs well with wine.
Meta. We were looking for Feta. See, that's a good example of what I was talking about earlier.
Yeah, I'm concerned with him. If you said Feta, he would have said no. No, I would have said.
So here we go. Blank is an exciting new approach to socialization online.
Feta. Because it's the fucking house. Yeah, so that's going to be zooming with a friend while eating Feta.
Feta, which is a cheese. We know, we know it's a cheese. The whole thing has been about this cheese.
All right. You said President cheese at one point. Blank will be an exciting chapter.
Meta. Meta. Meta.
Meta.
You didn't even hear that. You guys think,
You have a really caution.
Mama mama mama mama mama mama.
He's an exciting new chapter for the Facebook company. Feta.
Meta. Correct. So that's going to be the introduction of Feta in Facebook breakrooms across the company.
I said it first. I think, because I said Feta as soon as you start. How much cash do I have at this point?
You have, I think, $700.
Nice.
Jeff, Jeff, can you cite your sources? Who said that Feta is going to be in Meta breakrooms?
Moving forward.
Another piece of bacon.
Bill, you're in the dog house.
Now, this is like a new thing.
No, you just crossed me one too many times.
So here.
Yeah.
This is going to be two minutes on the clock.
You can't speak for the next two minutes.
Billy was one of the most like polite, positive, fun loving.
You know what I said, I said, you ruined the live show.
Billy just asked you what your source was as to how you heard Facebook breakrooms are getting
Feta and he got into the dog house.
Billy's like a textbook definition of a good guy.
So if you have beef with Billy, that's, that's on you, brother.
Actually, and fuck it for the next minute and a half.
Just well, Billy's in the dog house.
I'm going to go in on your sad little eyes.
I really, really, I wish you, I wish you froze to the death on the beach, man.
Wow. Holy shit.
Let's that guy, Stel, the movie about the guy that froze in a van.
The movie about a cult of the wild or something.
Oh, he died of, you know, he was poisoned.
He poisoned himself by eating poisonous berries.
And he's, the stomach sort of ate itself from the inside.
Oh, and Chris McCandless.
You're thinking you have into the, yeah, could die like that.
That would be interesting.
That would be fun.
And we'd have to find, they'd find his skill little remains and we'd have to identify him
by his shitty teeth, because he has bad dental hygiene as we all remember.
So we'd look at the bite.
There's an over bite under bite, a couple of cavities, both.
Oh, yeah, but the whole, yeah.
But we'd say, oh, this is definitely Jeff, because he, you know, notoriously took such bad
care of his teeth.
So have to be him.
All he drank was coffee and ate bacon and like that was enough.
He rarely slept and he was rarely happy.
And it was probably, it all started with some sort of infection that was never
canaled, or otherwise.
That's, that's correct.
They'd ask, because if we want the remains to have a funeral and we would say,
and we'd start laughing and giggling to ourselves.
They're like, oh, yeah, yeah, definitely cool.
We'll do that.
Yeah, and yeah, they're knowing full well.
We're both sort of trading out, taking dumps in the urn.
So Jeff, I guess my question would be putting me in the dog house.
Was it worth it?
That was easy.
Ah, ha ha ha.
All right, let's round this out.
Mark Zuckerberg, Mark Zuckerberg approved.
The idea and yes, Jake is fucking $800.
He put Fedah in his Greek salad.
Blink is the best place to access the Metaverse online.
Fedah?
Meta.
He lost it all.
Oh, yeah, yeah, that was an $800 bonus round.
Um, this is not what I wanted this to be.
I was torn a new one and born a new.
Yibun.
I finally break.
It was the fun comment for me, dog.
Have you eaten anything besides the bacon and the cold brew?
Today, uh, that's right.
Yep, just caffeine and pork fat.
Oh, I don't want to, oh, god damn it.
Yeah, Yibun moved me $800.
Transition.
Yeah, the station.
Jeff, I know that you, uh, often sent thousands of dollars
seemingly to your friends throughout this podcast.
Have you read the fine print on Venmo about exchanging money and how you actually have
to report over $600 in exchanges?
So even these taxable then, it's now taxable event.
So even these little games that you play with your friends,
like that moment with Jake probably cost you $2.25 on your taxes.
And you've done it seemingly dozens of times, maybe hundreds.
So you may, and you get it back, you've made technically like thousands of dollars
this year that you owe like 40% on for like short trips.
That's right, that's income, that's income.
And that's not even a forward-facing joke.
Like that's the joke between people on an audio podcast.
So like, even the public doesn't even get the get what you want out of it.
So that's very expensive, little, uh, all risk and zero reward.
That's right. Yeah.
So I didn't explain Russian relate with six bullets.
I really didn't know that.
Yeah, I probably owe hundreds of dollars in taxes for nonsense.
That's right. Yeah, definitely.
Fuck me.
And I don't think you're going to learn a damn thing.
No, I, what about cash app?
The, the, the, everything right now, it's all the same.
Look at the photo.
Just Venmo photo.
It's, it's traffic for what you use Venmo.
Sorry, I'm, hope or so.
Yeah, let's get into our last segment.
This is, were you really crying in that photo?
Uh, no, it was eye drops.
I, I hadn't cried for a year until Halloween.
Why did you cry on Halloween?
Because you were a fucking cold on the beach, sure.
No, uh, they played broke down palace and I started weeping.
That's cool.
The beach planet.
What was that?
What the hell was that?
He's on code.
He's doing cocaine acting.
I was doing cocaine bacon.
Good to see.
What's it?
Good to eat badread.
Oh, that's cool from succession.
You didn't.
Because you know, you don't kill his cat.
He's caught up.
I'm going to be like the thing, right?
Yeah, I'm only halfway through season two.
I didn't, you didn't see Sunday's episode.
No, I'm a, I'm a good way through season two.
Okay, well, it's not a spoiler, but they play a game in a limo called Good To Eat Bad To Eat
because Kendall's getting like obsessed with his own image.
He's kind of believing his own press, um, even though not all of it's positive.
So here we go.
Uh, this is Good To Eat Bad To Eat.
Amir Blumenfeld edition, um,
when we're only going to do the bad tweet and then the segments.
These are real tweets from people who have tweeted about or at.
Amir, are you ready?
Yeah, I love how do we play?
Wait, how do we even play?
That's it.
What does the whole game is Jeff just reading them?
Oh, we don't even say you're like, Good To Eat Are Bad To Eat?
I think I thought Amir said, uh, you don't like in the show.
Kendall yells Good To Eat.
So you say Good To Eat Are Bad To Eat and I'll read that and be really excited.
Good To Eat.
I want to read it.
I'm partial to Amir Blumenfeld.
That's from Phil McCreeory.
That's funny.
That's great.
All right.
That's it.
Uh, and then not to the next person.
Bad To Eat Bad To Eat, uh,
witnessing Amir Blumenfeld's gambling addiction is hilarious.
That came in from Raven.
What?
What do you mean?
You do have a gambling addiction.
Yeah.
Why don't you do?
You can't not toy with cash.
I mean, it's exciting.
It's a vice that I enjoy, but I wouldn't say I'm any more addicted to it than somebody that likes a beer at the end of the day.
All right.
Good To Eat.
Sorry, one second.
Boy, here we go.
This is your game.
I know I'll cut this out.
I just, you can't cut it out.
It's a video.
I'm going to love when Jeff goes into a character.
I'm going to start acting.
No, I was going to check something that had to do with this and I can't remember what it is.
And then I started getting frustrated.
God damn it, I don't remember.
All right, good to eat.
I was this close to going on TikTok live with Amir Blumenfeld.
Who's the only reason I'm even remotely funny today.
That was from free roaming goat.
Oh, that's nice.
Very nice.
That tweet.
It's bad to eat, bad to eat, bad to eat, here we go.
So, uh, what about the other people in the Zoom?
Why are we only doing me?
Sure.
He's got that sort of deal.
I didn't say bad to eat.
Jake said bad to eat.
Yeah.
Sure.
He's got that sort of deal of salt and pepper
thing going, but that's it.
Other than that, Amir Blumenfeld is still what he has historically been,
and will always be a loser.
That can be from Alfie.
That can be from Hatch.
Jeff Boyarty.
Yeah.
That really can't say that to you.
Can I see that tweet?
I can't figure out the screen share thing.
Uh, the what?
The screen share.
And you can figure out the deal.
What if for all of 2022, I'm a fucking 40s mobster.
Incared to the entire year.
I would do it.
You're in here.
I was a mobster.
Here we go.
You're a mobster year.
No one second.
Good or bad tweet.
I'm not doing me again.
I mean, it would be faster.
Did you do this show?
Yeah.
Good.
I'm a comedy.
They only did two on the show.
Okay.
But the second one, Kendall was already sort of taking a back.
And I get the way.
I'm a compet only for my boy fee and Amir Blumenfeld.
That's from IP.
Compet means compulsory heterosexual.
So that means like, I think they're only straight for you.
Okay.
Yeah.
Good.
It's kind of a high honor.
Yeah.
You didn't get much of a reaction.
Let's just call Spade a spade.
We all think we're going to be better.
Are these real?
Yes.
That was IP.
That was.
I'll talk about it.
Bad tweet.
I didn't know what compet meant until I saw that.
Jeff did an AMA yesterday.
And no, it's some point.
He wanted us to ask him anything.
And somebody said, who's the best guest on the headgum podcast?
And he proceeded to list.
I'd say maybe 16 to 18 people who were the best guests.
And one was the worst.
Amir.
So of course his intent was, hey, I'm making this two,
throw like a jab at my buddy Amir.
And also like keep this running gag going that Amir is the worst guest on this podcast.
But I think that his second thing is,
all tear your motive was, hey, if I tag these 18 people,
this can drum up a whole new round of conversations amongst people.
And now I am exactly.
And now I'm at the top of the pyramid.
And they're doing all of the work for me.
But what happened folks was even more impressive.
The 18 people tagged in the tweet.
No one replied.
No one acknowledge the working dog.
And if you don't acknowledge a barking dog,
it stops barking after a while.
And I will eat your ass.
No, you won't.
It was so great to witness this.
Oh, social media.
Um, good to be bad to eat.
That was great.
Let's go bad to eat.
The day Amir Blumenfeld eats at a Michelin-star restaurant
is the day they decide to let poor weaklings
into Michelin-star restaurants.
That was from how he got fucky.
Yeah.
No way.
They do.
Poor weaklings into those restaurants.
Yeah.
Um, between bad tweet.
So the segment's not over.
The applause just happened to the water.
It was a really good tweet.
I liked a lot.
That was from Haddock.
Good fuck you.
Good tweet.
Um, if I could meet any three people on the planet,
it would be in this order.
Amir Blumenfeld, Bernie Sanders, John Stewart.
What about yours?
And this one I thought was kind of nice.
I mean, not only are you at the top there.
Shmoel, but I thought that maybe we could list our three top people
that we'd want to meet in the world.
I just think that.
So we're just pivoting to a different thing entirely.
The game is over and how how how how how how how how how how
a place is Blumenfeld and that group.
Oh, like, four people because it's like,
like, I guess we came true.
No way.
Guys who's wish came true.
He's there.
So like Bernie and John Stewart have to talk to the guy who's
wish came true.
Yeah.
But then Blumenfeld is just there with Bernie.
That's yeah.
I'm sort of waxing politics doesn't make any like.
I feel like I can see you're just a bander.
Those three got in your eyes.
You got to the conversation.
For instance.
Yeah.
You're out for real.
Where we have to assume that that fan is Jewish too.
He just doesn't want to meet three Jews and he's not.
Then hand himself.
What was his name?
Ben Hansen Kaplan.
I don't think that's a Jewish name.
Yeah.
Kaplan's pretty Jewish.
He's a Kaplan.
Yeah.
Hansen, not maybe.
Hansen.
Yeah.
Maybe it's a half a half.
A half for.
Did you look up for anybody else?
Billy.
Oh, this is who you'd want to have dinner with?
Yeah.
Is this a living your dad or what?
Hmm, your dad?
I don't know.
It's your idea.
This is such horseshit.
I'm sorry.
But I came with some good games today.
And you guys are like, right?
Right.
I'm only going to anger.
Well, you, you played good tweet bad tweet.
Which lasted four and a half rounds all on me.
And then you said, who do you want to have dinner with?
Okay.
So let's, let's see what else we got.
Come up Ryan or drink it.
This will, let's just do a live.
Colonel Brian Bobweer.
And let's go fucking, um, the Nell.
The Nell's voice.
The Nell's voice as one, a malgum.
Three people that you would have dinner with?
Yeah.
Well, it have to be for me, um, Obama.
And then, which one?
Like Jeff Barack Obama.
Michelle, or not Michelle.
Uh, oh, I should, that's perfect.
So it's Barack Obama,
Malia Obama and Jeff Rose and Brooke.
Because I feel awful.
Well, no, then it's, you know, two people that kind of know each other.
I feel like I'm at my best.
That's a double road scene.
Yeah, one's data.
And then we get to know it.
Yes, not a double date, but it's like we have a lot,
we have a deeper connection than, you know, three random people.
It's like, I get to introduce the Obama's to my good friend, Jeff.
And then they're like, you know, that's like us, a father,
a daughter bonding thing that happened.
I feel like that results, the way you play this game is you got to,
you've got to excuse me, you're typing.
I don't know what you're doing, but I'm still in the middle of my.
All right.
Yeah.
No, it's fine.
Uh, the game of this is to get that second dinner.
That's not the wish dinner.
That's just the, you know, the, the four, you know,
quit typing, please.
Uh, the four people want to come back and have that additional meal.
Mm, okay.
Did I say, and I feel like this sets us up for success.
And everybody's zoned out.
Billy's the only one that's fucking, I love the second dinner.
I love at the end of the first meal where I'm like, I won that.
I won that little social.
That's a good thing.
Uh, we have a Saturday.
We have Billy or fucking talking.
Uh, we're talking like normal.
In the middle of, yeah, we're, we're talking.
We're talking.
All right, bad, we don't have bad tweets left.
So here we go.
Amir has nothing to do with the dinner thing.
That's from Wendy Williams.
The dinner thing did seem interesting, but it doesn't seem like for us.
And then we'll finish, then we'll do the dinner thing.
Uh, rather talk through the dinner stuff.
Uh, Amir can't stay at an event for more than an hour and a half without feeling anxious.
That's that you're a deemable shit.
That was from Avitall.
No, none of these are true.
The Wendy Williams.
No way.
She tweeted about me.
If I had a gun with two bullets and was in a room with a mirror blooming fell
and Vlad the impaler, I'd pistol whip a mirror beat the shit out of him and then
shoot him dead.
Well, Vlad got away.
That was from Johnny.
So, Johnny, who?
Vila.
Yeah.
No.
His face.
Where did that he?
He doesn't want to kill Vlad the impaler.
No.
Yeah.
I mean, what did he say?
Up come back beside it.
What is that?
I don't know.
It says, what pass?
It was trending on my soundboard.
Also, people found my soundboard.
I guess you can use it.
So, I don't know how they found it, but I saw it on the discord.
Billy, what about your dinner guests?
Um, my dinner guests would be Don, Don Jr. and Eric, I think, and make.
Whoa.
Yeah.
And I think we just have a real frank conversation about how we got to be who we've
become.
And I'd be curious to see where that goes.
Why?
Hmm.
I mean, I could pick Jay-Z and other billionaires and learn from them or I could step into the fire
and see if I can make some actual change in this world.
It'd be interesting if you flipped the table over at the dinner.
You just have them to dinner so you could take them all out.
There's something to be said for that.
I mean, there's something to be said for it.
Yeah, so that's what I'm going.
I'm going Don, Don Jr. and Eric, next question.
Okay.
Well, I'm here.
What's yours?
Come on.
It's LeBron.
Yeah.
LeBron AD and Russ Westbrook.
I want to get the quote.
There are three men.
Yeah.
You guys don't have so much wine.
I'll be our budget trying to tell your dinner guests that your friends with me at the table
next to you with Don, Don Jr. and Eric.
No, these are good guys.
So, Eric is good guys.
Yeah, this is just like this weird hypothetical that came true for you.
We did know Jeff had that power.
Yeah.
Wow.
All right.
Well, that was, that was good tweet that tweet.
All right, plugs, Billy, what do you have going on?
What do you want to point the people towards?
What an earnest ending to the show.
I might cut all out.
What do I want to plug?
No joke, buckets.
Anything on headgum at Billy's cafeteria across socials.
And that's it.
That's all you have to say.
Yeah.
Same.
No joke, buckets, and fallabilly on social media.
Jake?
No joke, buckets.
It's fallabilly on social media.
Venmo and then no Billy.
Yeah.
I'm going to say no joke, buckets, everything on headgum, and then Matt, Billy's cafeteria
on all socials.
But spell Billy's cafeteria, G-E-O-F-F-B-O-Y-R-D-E-E on Twitter, and then it's G-E-O-F-F-R-E-Y-J-M-E-S-L-N-S-D-R-M,
and that's pronounced Billy's cafeteria.
Thank you guys so much for listening to this episode of the headgum podcast.
Billy's going to kill you.
Look at that bucket.
That's Billy's going to kill you, face.
I know where Billy lives.
He doesn't know where I live.
So come to my house and let's see what happens.
Yeah.
And it right there.
That was a headgum original.
Thank you.